eng-7886: adds token deduplication behavior setting documentation (#492)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/concepts/what-are-tokens.mdx

leaking information to unauthorized parties. Only the following properties will be included in redacted responses:
`id`, `type`, `tenant_id`, `fingerprint`, and `containers`.

> When deduplicated, the data and metadata of an existing token can be updated if the [token deduplication behavior](/docs/api/tenants#tenant-settings-object) setting is set to Update Reading. Otherwise, they remain unchanged. [Token Intents](/docs/concepts/token-intents) are always deduplicated with the Update Reading behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deduplicated, the data and metadata of an existing token can be updated if the [token deduplication behavior](/docs/api/tenants#tenant-settings-object) setting is set to `update_existing`. Otherwise, they remain unchanged. [Token Intents](/docs/concepts/token-intents) are always deduplicated when converting to a token with the `update_existing` behavior.
```
